 <!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head>
  <title>Minutes02/04/16</title>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
</head>

<body>
<h1>Minutes 02/04/16 at 2 pm</h1>

<p>
  Team Members:
</p>
  <ul>
     <li>Andy Belzer: present</li>
     <li>John McKeever: present</li>
     <li>Alexis Carroll: present</li>
     <li>Nic Tolmais: present</li>
     <li>Stephanie Parkhurst: present</li>
  </ul>


<p>
  Tasks Covered/Accomplished:
</p>
  <ol>
     <li>Exchanged names, numbers, and email addresses.</li>
     <li>Alexis started GroupMe message.</li>
     <li>CS background discussed.</li>
     <li>Python or Java as main language?</li>
     <li>Want TDD and perhaps rapid prototyping.</li>
     <li>Alexis, Steph, and John know Git.</li>
     <li>Will meet in VH or Library.</li>
     <li>Once a week we should gather as the full team, and other smaller gatherings as needed.</li>
  </ol>


<p>
  To-Do List:
</p>
  <ul>
     <li>Give schedules to Alexis (in Google sheets form) for her to compile main calendar.</li>
     <li>Put questions on Google doc for the client. (3 per person or so)</li>
     <li>Alexis: figure out good time to meet before Tuesday and send out messages.</li>
     <li>Get familiar with post office standards and rules for addresses.</li>
     <li>Send out personality types once we receive it.</li>
  </ul>


<p>
  Agenda for Next Meeting
</p>
  <ul>
     <li>Go over questions we've figured out and discuss.</li>
     <li>Think about Requirements Doc.</li>
     <li>Figure out team name.</li>
     <li>Figure out next time to meet that works with group.</li>
  </ul>


<p>
  Agenda for Meetings in Future
</p>
  <ul>
     <li>Pros/Cons chart for Java/Python depending on answers by client.</li>
     <li>Design, UML diagrams, how are we going to structure this?</li>
     <li>Team structure?</li>
  </ul>

  <h1>Minutes 02/08/16 at 4:20-5 pm</h1>

<p>
  Team Members:
</p>

  <ul>
     <li>Andy Belzer: present</li>
     <li>John McKeever: present</li>
     <li>Alexis Carroll: present</li>
     <li>Nic Tolmais: present</li>
     <li>Stephanie Parkhurst: present</li>
  </ul>

<p>
  Tasks Covered/Accomplished:
</p>
  <ol>
     <li>Went over questions for the client and edited them.</li>
     <li>Thought about team name: TBD later.</li>
     <li>Figured out next time to meet that works with group: in class.</li>
  </ol>


<p>
  To-Do List:
</p>
  <ul>
     <li>Alexis: put questions in html form</li>
     <li>Get familiar with post office standards and rules for addresses.</li>
     <li>Send out personality types once we receive it.</li>
     <li>Get Git installed and send out public ssh key to Dr. Beck.</li>
     <li>Read chs in Git book.</li>
  </ul>


<p>
  Agenda for Next Meeting
</p>
  <ul>
     <li>Discuss results from interview with client.</li>
     <li>Requirements Doc.</li>
     <li>Figure out next time to meet that works with group.</li>
  </ul>


<p>
  Agenda for Meetings in Future
</p>
  <ul>
     <li>Pros/Cons chart for Java/Python depending on answers by client.</li>
     <li>Design, UML diagrams, how are we going to structure this?</li>
     <li>Team structure?</li>
  </ul>

  <h1>Minutes 02/09/16 at 2:45-2:50pm</h1>

<p>
  Team Members:
</p>

  <ul>
     <li>Andy Belzer: missing due to feeling sick and not wanting to spread it</li>
     <li>John McKeever: present</li>
     <li>Alexis Carroll: present</li>
     <li>Nic Tolmais: present</li>
     <li>Stephanie Parkhurst: present</li>
  </ul>

<p>
  Tasks Covered/Accomplished:
</p>
  <ol>
     <li>Nobody added any new questions.</li>
     <li>Team name: Group 5</li>
  </ol>


<p>
  To-Do List:
</p>
  <ul>
     <li>Alexis: put questions in html form</li>
     <li>Get familiar with post office standards and rules for addresses.</li>
     <li>Send out personality types once we receive it.</li>
     <li>Get Git installed and send out public ssh key to Dr. Beck.</li>
     <li>Read chs in Git book.</li>
  </ul>


<p>
  Agenda for Next Meeting
</p>
  <ul>
     <li>Discuss results from interview with client.</li>
     <li>Requirements Doc.</li>
     <li>Figure out next time to meet that works with group.</li>
  </ul>


<p>
  Agenda for Meetings in Future
</p>
  <ul>
     <li>Pros/Cons chart for Java/Python depending on answers by client.</li>
     <li>Design, UML diagrams, how are we going to structure this?</li>
     <li>Team structure?</li>
  </ul>


<h1>Minutes 02/15/16 at 4:10-4:35 pm</h1>

<p>
  Team Members:
  <ul>
     <li>Andy Belzer: not present due to capstone meeting</li>
     <li>John McKeever: present</li>
     <li>Alexis Carroll: not present due to falling off a horse and hurting her back</li>
     <li>Nic Tolmais: present</li>
     <li>Stephanie Parkhurst: present</li>
  </ul>
</p>

<p>
  Tasks Covered/Accomplished:
  <ol>
     <li>Looked at Questions/Answers document and made one edit to it.</li>
     <li>John, Nic, and Stephanie working on requirements tonight, but especially the guys.</li>
     <li>Meeting tomorrow at 3:30 pm in the Nerdery.</li>
  </ol>
</p>

<p>
  To-Do List:
  <ul>
     <li>Finish requirements sheet.</li>
     <li>Download Git repo onto personal machine.</li>
     <li>Outline for paper.</li>
     <li>Read chs about Git.</li>
     <li>Transfer things from Google drive to git repo.</li>
  </ul>
</p>

<p>
  Agenda for Next Meeting
  <ul>
     <li>Finish requirements sheet.</li>
  </ul>
</p>

<p>
  Agenda for Meetings in Future
  <ul>
     <li>Pros/Cons chart for Java/Python depending on answers by client.</li>
     <li>Design, UML diagrams, how are we going to structure this?</li>
     <li>Team structure?</li>
  </ul>
</p>


<h1>Minutes 02/16/16 at 2:50 - 4:30 pm</h1>

<p>
  Team Members:
</p>

  <ul>
     <li>Andy Belzer: missing due to driving his sister to and from dentist appointment (she was going to be loopy)</li>
     <li>John McKeever: present</li>
     <li>Alexis Carroll: present</li>
     <li>Nic Tolmais: present</li>
     <li>Stephanie Parkhurst: present</li>
  </ul>

<p>
  Tasks Covered/Accomplished:
</p>
  <ol>
     <li>Went over requirements documentation and edited it.</li>
     <li>Figured out Git stuff on local machines.</li>
  </ol>


<p>
  To-Do List:
</p>
  <ul>
     <li>Alexis: put requirements in html form (Done).</li>
     <li>Git id and sent to Dr. Beck.</li>
     <li>Read Git chapters</li>
     <li>Understand how Git works on your machine with command line or GUI.</li>
     <li>All documents placed in repo. (Done).</li>
  </ul>


<p>
  Agenda for Meetings in Future
</p>
  <ul>
     <li>Pros/Cons chart for Java/Python depending on answers by client.</li>
     <li>Design, UML diagrams, how are we going to structure this?</li>
     <li>Team structure?</li>
  </ul>


<h1>Minutes 02/22/16 at 4:10 - 4:55 pm</h1>

<p>
  Team Members:
</p>

  <ul>
     <li>Andy Belzer: present</li>
     <li>John McKeever: present</li>
     <li>Alexis Carroll: present</li>
     <li>Nic Tolmais: present</li>
     <li>Stephanie Parkhurst: present</li>
  </ul>

<p>
  Tasks Covered/Accomplished:
</p>
  <ol>
     <li>Look at feedback for requirements document</li>
     <li>Update requirements document</li>
	 <li>Talked about what language to use: Java for GUI or Python for strings?</li>
  </ol>


<p>
  To-Do List:
</p>
  <ul>
     <li>Ask Dr. Beck about whether to preserve numbering</li>
     <li>Look into language features.</li>
  </ul>


<p>
  Agenda for Meetings in Future
</p>
  <ul>
     <li>Language?</li>
     <li>Design, UML diagrams, how are we going to structure this?</li>
  </ul>

<h1>Minutes 02/29/16 at 4:10 - 4:35 pm</h1>

<p>
  Team Members:
</p>

  <ul>
     <li>Andy Belzer: missing (don't know why)</li>
     <li>John McKeever: present</li>
     <li>Alexis Carroll: present</li>
     <li>Nic Tolmais: present</li>
     <li>Stephanie Parkhurst: present</li>
  </ul>

<p>
  Tasks Covered/Accomplished:
</p>
  <ol>
     <li>Team structure with GUI team and normalization team. GUI team would join back in the main group after they were done.</li>
     <li>Discussed some specifics of GUI</li>
	 <li>Have ideas of who will go on what team</li>
	 <li>Decided architecture will be n-tier for the big picture and main and subroutine inside of it.</li>
  </ol>


<p>
  To-Do List:
</p>
  <ul>
     <li>Reseach python versus java to see which would be more appropriate.</li>
     <li>Is there a dictionary we can pull for our normalization?</li>
     <li>Read Git chapters</li>
     <li>Figure out regex pattern matching and/or python (depends on what we choose)</li>
  </ul>


<p>
  Agenda for Meetings in Future
</p>
  <ul>
     <li>Pros/Cons chart for Java/Python depending on answers by client.</li>
     <li>Design, UML diagrams, how are we going to structure this?</li>
     <li>Team structure with people in solid teams</li>
  </ul>

<h1>Minutes 03/15/16 at 2:00 pm - 2:45 pm</h1>

<p>
  Team Members:
</p>

  <ul>
     <li>Andy Belzer: present</li>
     <li>John McKeever: present</li>
     <li>Alexis Carroll: present</li>
     <li>Nic Tolmais: present</li>
     <li>Stephanie Parkhurst: present</li>
  </ul>

<p>
  Tasks Covered/Accomplished:
</p>
  <ol>
     <li>Chose Java as system development language</li>
     <li>Divided team into 2 sub-teams. GUI team consists of Stephanie and Alexis, Normalization Team consists of Nic, Andy, and John</li>
  </ol>

<p>
  To-Do List:
</p>
  <ul>
     <li>Research java regex applications</li>
	 <li>Brainstorm architecture and design decisions</li>
  </ul>

<h1>Minutes 03/17/16 at 1:45 pm - 2:50 pm</h1>

<p>
  Team Members:
</p>

  <ul>
     <li>Andy Belzer: present</li>
     <li>John McKeever: present</li>
     <li>Alexis Carroll: present</li>
     <li>Nic Tolmais: not present (he was sick)</li>
     <li>Stephanie Parkhurst: present</li>
  </ul>

<p>
  Tasks Covered/Accomplished:
</p>
  <ol>
     <li>Use Cases decided upon. </li>
     <li>Single Batch with GUI Use Case thought out.</li>
	 <li>Discussed possible class structure ideas and class names.</li>
	 <li>Meeting at 6:15 pm that evening</li>
  </ol>

<h1>Minutes 03/17/16 at 6:15 pm - 6:50 pm</h1>

<p>
  Team Members:
</p>

  <ul>
     <li>Andy Belzer: present</li>
     <li>John McKeever: present</li>
     <li>Alexis Carroll: not present (had test to study for)</li>
     <li>Nic Tolmais: not present (he was sick)</li>
     <li>Stephanie Parkhurst: present</li>
  </ul>

<p>
  Tasks Covered/Accomplished:
</p>
  <ol>
     <li>Wrote out all tasks and gave everybody tasks.</li>
     <li>Meeting Sunday at 6 pm to go over class structure.</li>
  </ol>

<p>
  To-Do List:
</p>
  <ul>
     <li>Different tasks for design.</li>
  </ul>

<p>
  Agenda
</p>
  <ul>
    <li>UML diagram and class structure finalize</li>
	<li>Put design document together</li>
  </ul>

<body>
<h1>Minutes 03/29/16 at 2:00 pm - 2:50 pm</h1>

<p>
  Team Members:
</p>
  <ul>
     <li>Andy Belzer: present</li>
     <li>John McKeever: not present (he was sick)</li>
     <li>Alexis Carroll: present</li>
     <li>Nic Tolmais: present</li>
     <li>Stephanie Parkhurst: present</li>
  </ul>


<p>
  Tasks Covered/Accomplished:
</p>
  <ol>
     <li>Discussed upcoming presentation</li>
     <li>Nic created the powerpoint</li>
     <li>We completed designing the powerpoint</li>
     <li>Assigned speaking roles.</li>
     <li>John will discuss class diagrams and architecture</li>
     <li>Andy will discuss the language choice</li>
     <li>Stephanie will discuss decoupling and future plans</li>
     <li>Alexis is creating the handout</li>
     <li>Nic will be the slidemaster</li>
  </ol>


<p>
  To-Do List:
</p>
  <ul>
     <li>Put slides on git</li>
     <li>Create handout and put it on git</li>
     <li>Practice individual speaking roles</li>
  </ul>


<p>
  Agenda for Next Meeting
</p>
  <ul>
     <li>TBD pending the results of Thursday's in class discussion</li>
     <li>Figure out next time to meet that works with group.</li>
  </ul>


<p>
  Agenda for Meetings in Future
</p>
  <ul>
     <li>Make a complete design</li>
     <li>Plan to start programming by looking at existing packages</li>
  </ul>


<h1>Minutes 03/20/16 at 6 pm - 7:30 pm</h1>

<p>
  Team Members:
</p>

  <ul>
     <li>Andy Belzer: not present (wasn't in town yet)</li>
     <li>John McKeever: present</li>
     <li>Alexis Carroll: present</li>
     <li>Nic Tolmais: not present (he was sick)</li>
     <li>Stephanie Parkhurst: present</li>
  </ul>

<p>
  Tasks Covered/Accomplished:
</p>
  <ol>
     <li>Discussed class UML structure and lower coding details.</li>
     <li>Divided up tasks left.</li>
  </ol>

<p>
  To-Do List:
</p>
  <ul>
     <li>Code sometime?</li>
  </ul>

  <h1>Minutes 04/06/16 at 4 pm - 5:30 pm</h1>

  <p>
    Team Members:
  </p>

    <ul>
       <li>Andy Belzer: present</li>
       <li>John McKeever: present</li>
       <li>Alexis Carroll: present</li>
       <li>Nic Tolmais: present</li>
       <li>Stephanie Parkhurst: present</li>
    </ul>

  <p>
    Tasks Covered/Accomplished:
  </p>
    <ol>
       <li>Added better interdependencies between UML classes</li>
       <li>Added more specific use cases</li>
       <li>Decided on who does which part of iteration</li>
    </ol>

  <p>
    To-Do List:
  </p>
    <ul>
       <li>Code sometime?</li>
    </ul>

    <h1>Minutes 04/11/16 at 4:30 pm - 4:45 pm</h1>

    <p>
      Team Members:
    </p>

      <ul>
         <li>Andy Belzer: present</li>
         <li>John McKeever: present</li>
         <li>Alexis Carroll: present</li>
         <li>Nic Tolmais: present</li>
         <li>Stephanie Parkhurst: present</li>
      </ul>

    <p>
      Tasks Covered/Accomplished:
    </p>
      <ol>
         <li>Talked about specific user stories</li>
         <li>Discussed future coding times</li>
      </ol>

    <p>
      To-Do List:
    </p>
      <ul>
         <li>Code sometime?</li>
      </ul>

	  		      <h1>Minutes 04/14/16 at 2-3 pm</h1>

      <p>
        Team Members:
      </p>

        <ul>
           <li>Andy Belzer: not present (not in this team)</li>
           <li>John McKeever: not present (not in this team)</li>
           <li>Alexis Carroll: present</li>
           <li>Nic Tolmais: not present (not in this team)</li>
           <li>Stephanie Parkhurst: present</li>
        </ul>

      <p>
        Tasks Covered/Accomplished:
      </p>
        <ol>
           <li>Figured out how we wanted GUI to look.</li>
           <li>Started implementing the GUI. </li>
        </ol>

      <p>
        To-Do List:
      </p>
        <ul>
           <li>Finish GUI</li>
        </ul>

      <h1>Minutes 04/14/16 at 3 pm - 6 pm</h1>

      <p>
        Team Members:
      </p>

        <ul>
           <li>Andy Belzer: present</li>
           <li>John McKeever: present</li>
           <li>Alexis Carroll: not present (not in this team)</li>
           <li>Nic Tolmais: present</li>
           <li>Stephanie Parkhurst: not present (not in this team)</li>
        </ul>

      <p>
        Tasks Covered/Accomplished:
      </p>
        <ol>
           <li>Worked on finishing UserStory 1:Created Address Class</li>
           <li>Talked about the next possible user stories</li>
        </ol>

      <p>
        To-Do List:
      </p>
        <ul>
           <li>Started Coding!!!</li>
           <li>Normalization steps of programming</li>
           <li>Do the Address Processing Layer of the Architecture</li>
        </ul>

		<h1>Minutes 04/14/16 at 6:30-8:30 pm</h1>

      <p>
        Team Members:
      </p>

        <ul>
           <li>Andy Belzer: not present (not in this team)</li>
           <li>John McKeever: not present (not in this team)</li>
           <li>Alexis Carroll: present</li>
           <li>Nic Tolmais: not present (not in this team)</li>
           <li>Stephanie Parkhurst: present</li>
        </ul>

      <p>
        Tasks Covered/Accomplished:
      </p>
        <ol>
           <li>GUI buttons and interface done for input.</li>
        </ol>

      <p>
        To-Do List:
      </p>
        <ul>
           <li>Attach actionListeners to the buttons and do output.</li>
        </ul>

				<h1>Minutes 04/19/16 at 3-5:30 pm</h1>

      <p>
        Team Members:
      </p>

        <ul>
           <li>Andy Belzer: not present (not in this team)</li>
           <li>John McKeever: not present (not in this team)</li>
           <li>Alexis Carroll: present</li>
           <li>Nic Tolmais: not present (not in this team)</li>
           <li>Stephanie Parkhurst: present</li>
        </ul>

      <p>
        Tasks Covered/Accomplished:
      </p>
        <ol>
           <li>ActionListeners attached</li>
		   <li>Input goes in, skips normalization part, and goes to output for both single and batch.</li>
        </ol>

      <p>
        To-Do List:
      </p>
        <ul>
           <li>Give user some indication of what is happening (looks like it's broke)</li>
		   <li>Refactor!</li>
        </ul>

						<h1>Minutes 04/20/16 at 1:30-2:30 pm</h1>

      <p>
        Team Members:
      </p>

        <ul>
           <li>Andy Belzer: not present (not in this team)</li>
           <li>John McKeever: not present (not in this team)</li>
           <li>Alexis Carroll: present</li>
           <li>Nic Tolmais: not present (not in this team)</li>
           <li>Stephanie Parkhurst: present</li>
        </ul>

      <p>
        Tasks Covered/Accomplished:
      </p>
        <ol>
           <li>Gave user indication of what is happening for batch process</li>
		   <li>Refactored 2 methods</li>
        </ol>

      <p>
        To-Do List:
      </p>
        <ul>
           <li>Fix hardcoded filepath to what the user chooses it to be.</li>
		   <li>Refactor last 2 methods.</li>
        </ul>

								<h1>Minutes 04/24/16 at 1:45-3:45 pm</h1>

      <p>
        Team Members:
      </p>

        <ul>
           <li>Andy Belzer: not present (not in this team)</li>
           <li>John McKeever: not present (not in this team)</li>
           <li>Alexis Carroll: present</li>
           <li>Nic Tolmais: not present (not in this team)</li>
           <li>Stephanie Parkhurst: present</li>
        </ul>

      <p>
        Tasks Covered/Accomplished:
      </p>
        <ol>
		   <li>Refactored getSingleInput()</li>
        </ol>

      <p>
        To-Do List:
      </p>
        <ul>
           <li>Fix hardcoded filepath to what the user chooses it to be.</li>
		   <li>Refactor last method.</li>
        </ul>

										<h1>Minutes 04/25/16 at 4:10-4:40 pm</h1>

      <p>
        Team Members:
      </p>

        <ul>
           <li>Andy Belzer: present </li>
           <li>John McKeever: present </li>
           <li>Alexis Carroll: present</li>
           <li>Nic Tolmais: present </li>
           <li>Stephanie Parkhurst: present</li>
        </ul>

      <p>
        Tasks Covered/Accomplished:
      </p>
        <ol>
		   <li>Got everyone on the same page</li>
		   <li>Picked next user stories and divided up teams</li>
		   <li>Drew out latest design</li>
        </ol>

      <p>
        To-Do List:
      </p>
        <ul>
		   <li>Address Processing team meeting now</li>
		   <li>Normaliziable team meeting tonight</li>
		   <li>GUI team meeting tomorrow after class. (Talk to Dr. Beck)</li>
        </ul>

<h1>Minutes 04/25/16 at 8-10 pm</h1>

   <p>
      Team Members:
   </p>

   <ul>
      <li>Andy Belzer: not on team </li>
   <li>John McKeever: present </li>
   <li>Alexis Carroll: not on team</li>
   <li>Nic Tolmais: present </li>
   <li>Stephanie Parkhurst: present</li>
   </ul>

   <p>
      Tasks Covered/Accomplished:
   </p>
   <ol>
      <li>Created Normalizer class</li>
      <li>Created test for normalizer</li>
   <li>Thought of best/easiest normalizing steps</li>
   </ol>

   <p>
      To-Do List:
   </p>
   <ul>
      <li>More Normalizing</li>
      <li>linking classes</li>
   </ul>

												<h1>Minutes 04/26/16 at 2-2:15 pm</h1>

      <p>
        Team Members:
      </p>

        <ul>
           <li>Andy Belzer: present </li>
           <li>John McKeever: present </li>
           <li>Alexis Carroll: present</li>
           <li>Nic Tolmais: present </li>
           <li>Stephanie Parkhurst: present</li>
        </ul>

      <p>
        Tasks Covered/Accomplished:
      </p>
        <ol>
		   <li>Got everyone on the same page</li>
		   <li>Clarified some methods made and reasonings</li>
        </ol>

												<h1>Minutes 04/26/16 at 2:15:10-3:30 pm</h1>

      <p>
        Team Members:
      </p>

        <ul>
           <li>Andy Belzer: not present (not in this team) </li>
           <li>John McKeever: not present (not in this team) </li>
           <li>Alexis Carroll: present</li>
           <li>Nic Tolmais: not present (not in this team)</li>
           <li>Stephanie Parkhurst: present</li>
        </ul>

      <p>
        Tasks Covered/Accomplished:
      </p>
        <ol>
		   <li>GUI finished refactoring!!!!</li>
		   <li>Hardcoded stuff out</li>
		   <li></li>
        </ol>
		
		<h1>Minutes 04/28/16 at 3-5, 7:30-9 pm</h1>

   <p>
      Team Members:
   </p>

   <ul>
      <li>Andy Belzer: not on team </li>
   <li>John McKeever: present </li>
   <li>Alexis Carroll: not on team</li>
   <li>Nic Tolmais: present </li>
   <li>Stephanie Parkhurst: present</li>
   </ul>

   <p>
      Tasks Covered/Accomplished:
   </p>
   <ol>
      <li>Added functionality to broad normalization</li>
      <li>Refactored Normalization</li>
	  <li>Finished Zip5 user story</li>
	  <li>Thought about regex and command line things</li>
   </ol>

   <p>
      To-Do List:
   </p>
   <ul>
      <li>More Normalizing</li>
      <li>linking classes</li>
	  <li>command line</li>
   </ul>
   
   <h1>Minutes 04/29/16 at 2:20-4:35 pm</h1>

   <p>
      Team Members:
   </p>

   <ul>
      <li>Andy Belzer: not on team </li>
   <li>John McKeever: present for 90% of it and then bounced </li>
   <li>Alexis Carroll: not on team</li>
   <li>Nic Tolmais: present </li>
   <li>Stephanie Parkhurst: present</li>
   </ul>

   <p>
      Tasks Covered/Accomplished:
   </p>
   <ol>
      <li>Part of state normalized with normalizeState()</li>
      <li>Thought through pattern matching and switch statements</li>
	  <li>Finished Zip4 user story</li>
   </ol>

   <p>
      To-Do List:
   </p>
   <ul>
      <li>More Normalizing</li>
      <li>linking classes</li>
	  <li>command line</li>
   </ul>
   
   <h1>Minutes 04/30/16 at 11-2:15 pm</h1>

   <p>
      Team Members:
   </p>

   <ul>
      <li>Andy Belzer: not present (should've been there) </li>
   <li>John McKeever: present </li>
   <li>Alexis Carroll: present</li>
   <li>Nic Tolmais: present </li>
   <li>Stephanie Parkhurst: present</li>
   </ul>

   <p>
      Tasks Covered/Accomplished:
   </p>
   <ol>
      <li>Finished state user story</li>
      <li>Finished city user story</li>
	  <li>Got connection between GUI and addressProcessing done for single and almost for batch</li>
   </ol>

   <p>
      To-Do List:
   </p>
   <ul>
      <li>link classes</li>
      <li>more normalization</li>
	  <li>command line</li>
   </ul>
   
      <h1>Minutes 05/01/16 at 1:30-4:30 pm</h1>

   <p>
      Team Members:
   </p>

   <ul>
      <li>Andy Belzer: present </li>
   <li>John McKeever: present </li>
   <li>Alexis Carroll: present</li>
   <li>Nic Tolmais: present </li>
   <li>Stephanie Parkhurst: present</li>
   </ul>

   <p>
      Tasks Covered/Accomplished:
   </p>
   <ol>
      <li>Finished several user stories such as 2 different outputs for normalizable/non-normalizable, street normalized, executable jar from desktop, javadoc</li>
      <li>Fixed city user story</li>
	  <li>Fixed intense bug with compiler error (something with memory)</li>
	  <li>Discussed presentation</li>
   </ol>

   <p>
      To-Do List:
   </p>
   <ul>
      <li>Present</li>
      <li>DONE! It's COMPLETE!!!</li>
   </ul>
>




</body>

</html>
